What's New in 10 Preview 5 (#2918)
dotnet/docs-maui: docs/whats-new/dotnet-10.md

### Before vs. after

```xml
<!-- .NET 8 style -->
<ContentPage xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/dotnet/2021/maui"
        xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml"
        xmlns:models="clr-namespace:MyApp.Models"
        xmlns:controls="clr-namespace:MyApp.Controls"
        x:Class="MyApp.MainPage">
    <controls:TagView x:DataType="models:Tag" />
</ContentPage>
````

```xml
<!-- .NET 10 Preview 5 -->
<ContentPage 
    xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/dotnet/maui/global"
    xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml"
    x:Class="MyApp.MainPage">
    <TagView x:DataType="Tag" />
</ContentPage>
```

Changes:

- No need to declare the `xmlns:models` or `xmlns:controls` because they are declared globally in a `GlobalXmlns.cs` file
- No prefixes required for `TagView` or `Tag`

```xml
<!-- .NET 10 Preview 5 plus opt-in -->
<ContentPage x:Class="MyApp.MainPage">
    <TagView x:DataType="Tag" />
</ContentPage>
```

Changes:

- No need to declare `xmlns` or `xmlns:x` since they are implicitly added to the global namespace

### How to adopt

> Create a new project to see the cleaner default experience, or upgrade your existing project with the details below.

Reviewer: Maybe this sounds a little better?
```suggestion
Create a new project to see the streamlined experience, or upgrade your existing project with the details below.
```
